[Music]
dozens of Palestinians have been killed
in Israeli strikes on KH Yunis in the
past few days the AL bellad area of Gaza
second's largest city has seen sustained
attacks Nur Hospital the largest
remaining functional medical facility in
Gaza is packed with the dead and
wounded the Israeli Army has released
video it says shows its forces pushing
into toan units and engaging in house to
house
battles in central Gaza City near aifa
Hospital more isra
bombardment in central Gaza a young boy
points to where he says buried his
father we have no water no food who is
going to look after us why do we have to
go through War this is where my father
is buried these are their graves here in
the school this is my father and cin
grave my cousin was only 10 years
old the streets of sh a neighborhood of
Gaza City resembles a
wasteland no building is Untouched by
the war each day brings with it a search
for more bodies friends and family of
the Dead Walk long distances to bury
them any attempt to move to different
parts of Gaza can cost you your
life been through every hardship you
could ever imagine any person who dares
to leave the shelter or try to go back
to his home is fired on by the Israeli
soldiers any moving person is a target
to the Israelis I risk my life just to
reach the hospital to see my
relatives further north in
jabalia the Palestine R Crescent Society
does what it can for victims of Israeli
shelling while cell phone Networks
appear to have been partially restored
parts of Gaza have been in the grip of a
communication and blackout for more than
a week it has made life difficult for
Palestinians and agencies they're trying
to get Aid into
Gaza many go to the beach to try and
pick up a
[Music]
signal the people behind me came to
check on their friends family and loved
ones because there is no possibility of
communication between the areas of the
Gaza Strip you cannot reach from to to
ra we are facing great
difficulties raising phones high they
anxiously await news any news from their
loved
ones mm alaz Rafa Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer